# Benchmarking results of SCARAP

This archive contains the benchmarking results of the pan, core and sample modules of SCARAP v1.0.0 on six different datasets. 

If you're reading this on GitHub: the actual archive is included as an "asset" with each release. 

1. lactobacillales_speciesreps: One representative genome per species of Lactobacillales. Used to select decent default values for the representative sequence selection parameters of the pan module (min_reps, max_reps and max_align). 
2. lactobacillales_genusreps: One representative genome per genus of Lactobacillales. Used to benchmark the pan module. 
3. simpan: 100 genomes simulated with the SimPan tool, with known pangenome thanks to the simulation. Used to benchmark the pan module.  
4. tonkinhill: 100 genomes simulated from an E. coli genome as starting point (taken from Tonkin-Hill et al., 2020, Genome Biology), with known pangenome thanks to the simulation. Used to benchmark the pan module.  
5. orthobench: Twelve eukaryotic proteomes, including 70 manually curated orthogroups (Trachana et al., 2011; Emms and Kelly, 2020). Used to benchmark the pan module.  
6. parabench: Seventeen eukaryotic proteomes, including 52 manually curated orthogroups (Derelle et al., 2020). Used to benchmark the pan module.  
7. lactiplantibacillus: a dataset with genomes of the genus Lactiplantibacillus. Used to demonstrate the core and sample modules. 

The pan module benchmarking results are structured per dataset. For most datasets, the following files are available: 

* `pangenomes.csv`: gene table with the pangenome (orthogroup assignments) inferred by various tools
* `resources.csv`: table with the resource consumption of each pangenome tool (generated by `/usr/bin/time`)
* `benchmarks.csv`: accuracy evaluation if a reference pangenome is available
